+++
title = "Consistency of silhouettes and their duals"
date = 2016-08-02
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Matthew Trager, Martial Hebert, Jean Ponce"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Silhouettes provide rich information on three-dimensional shape, since the intersection of the associated visual cones generates the \"visual hull\", which encloses and approximates the original shape. However, not all silhouettes can actually be projections of the same object in space: this simple observation has implications in object recognition and multi-view segmentation, and has been (often implicitly) used as a basis for camera calibration. In this paper, we investigate the conditions for multiple silhouettes, or more generally arbitrary closed image sets, to be geometrically \"consistent\". We present this notion as a natural generalization of traditional multi-view geometry, which deals with consistency for points. After discussing some general results, we present a \"dual\" formulation for consistency, that gives conditions for a family of planar sets to be sections of the same object. Finally, we introduce a more general notion of silhouette \"compatibility\" under partial knowledge of the camera projections, and point out some possible directions for future research."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-01287180v2"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
